Hey guys just like I mentioned before and we want we want to personalize our admin.
So am I actually going to make sure that we are there.
OK let's look again real quick.
And we can see now that this is our old admen another one that I show you in the demo for this section
but the old one the one that does not have any personal data.
Ok for the user.
So right now let's go back to my let's go to our BHB admin for yet and there's a couple of things that
we need to do there.
And that's not it.
Let me see if I can get the right BHB at men right here.
So let's go to the CMOS real quick and we're going to see the structure here because we're going to
have to change a couple of things here in the polls.
We know already that we added a user ID.
OK later on we're going to have to add these are the two other tables.
OK.
But I just want to make sure that I see all these data.
Here are some posts.
We've got some likes.
And we also have some comments OK made by the same person.
All right.
So just checking.
I did a little bit.
Let's go back here.
Let's open our editor Let's go to our editor and I should actually put this somewhere else.
Let's go here.
We go now.
Let's start by creating a dashboard to separate our personal data from the dashboard data for all users.
OK we do have a dashboard ready like this but I want to create another page for our personal data.
As a matter of fact we are going to be putting our personal data in the end it's of admin and then a
dashboard for everybody else.
OK.
So let's go back here to the in this and I'm going to do a control or command a
let's come back here.
My thing is not working for some reason.
There we go.
Let's do this do a Save As and I'm going to call it dashboard.
OK.
So now we have those two there.
Now there are a couple of things that I want to fix on this speech before we started doing anything
OK.
Just because I think we can do better with this page so let's go ahead and play around with this a little
bit.
Let's
let's see here.
The first thing that I want to do.
One of the first things is create a user name function for this.
This code here is too ugly to to beg I'm going to delete this.
But let's go back to get to this here.
Another thing that I want to do is put a link here for the separation.
OK.
So that's let's go to navigation real quick.
Includes open these up navigation and make sure you fit so this code here.
But anyway so here I learned I'm going to put my data
my data
and
then I put another link here that is going to be a dashboard.
Now regular users are going to be able to see this if we do or don't do anything right.
So we got to work and a function we do have a function already call it admin somewhere is admin right
here.
What I want to actually make this better.
OK.
This is admin function is not checking to see if the users are logged in.
OK I want to make that better.
We already created some function called log then.
So I'm going to take advantage of that.
OK.
So it's logged in.
Actually it's all together right here.
So we're going to put this in a statement and everything else is going to be in between that.
OK.
That's the first thing.
There's a couple of things that I want to do here.
I want to make a database helper functions section here so I'm going to comment this out.
Helpers database helpers.
Functions just like the
way this this I usually do five on each side.
So we've got a query here that we can use and that would be beautiful because let's go back to that
it's function.
I'm going to move that up a swell
I'm going to make a new section for that but I'm going to move it up to the database because that this
is authentication.
So database helper and we're going to end it right here.
And database help us
her and I'm going to pay it right here.
What I'm going to comment this I'm going to put our indication here.
Oh.
And if I remember how to spell this.
That would be nice.
Of course I'm misspelling it.
I don't have to read the whole function's name your identification.
OK.
There we go.
Oh then I thought I was doing it right.
All right here.
OK.
And then we've got to put authentication here.
There's another thing that I want to do here.
As you can see we can just use that in our function to make this Querrey right.
And and other than that I want to do I want to take disconfirm out of there and I want to put it here.
Matter of fact right here and I make a very very a result and I'm going to return it right here a little
bit more lines of code.
But at the end it's going to help us out better.
We've got to make that query and this is going to be the result.
OK and we sure even you guys one of the reasons why I create these helper functions.
They are easier.
And then we can plug in any other API in the future if we want to change this as well.
For another database.
We can because we have this functions this blogging functions OK these wrappers around my obscure.
Plus this is like a lot a lot a lot of writing right.
So I want to use another here call for each record.
And going out do this and just going to put Actually this this takes a resort right.
And we're going to return this
we go less should be good and we're going to use that here.
And then you can just replace whatever else you guys have anywhere else ok.
I'm just going to make this a little better.
It's going to help us out.
The or the end missing I return statement right here.
I just return false here.
OK perfect.
That looks a lot better.
We don't need this global thing here.
All right.
Now another thing that we don't need is this guy here because we can if we wanted to use this session
right here OK.
If it's low then we know that sesshin exists.
So Miles would just for it here right.
Just do that.
And do a session here
user name.
Now another thing that I want to do real quick.
OK cause maybe we all need a lead on.
But it's a good thing to have is that you know logging that search engine command F here guys in my
editor command effort control f to search for the logged in user and the low end user right here we
have these user ID that we're not doing anything with it.
Why not just make a session for it and have the search the user ID.
Now that we created in the last section OK have it all over our site now.
We're in session.
OK.
That user ID is going to go to their user ID field in the database.
So basically this user ID is going to be saving this variable.
And we're using that variable to save it in our session.
OK.
So that way we have it anywhere anywhere we want.
So now in the admin or any other function we can look for the user ID instead of the user name which
is more reliable.
OK let's go back to that user.
So we selecting the rule from users where we can say now the user id will you have to log in.
Now keep in mind guys that if you have a running up location already don't do this.
This is going to give them some errors because you have to log out and look back in to make this work.
OK.
So I'm just going to do this because I think the user ID is more reliable than the user name which is
a string of têtes not a number.
So that's pretty cool.
So I need to log in and log them.
Well look mad cow and three.
Right right.
So now this is admitting is good.
Let's go back to navigation real quick in here.
Right now if you notice we are seeing the my data in Dashboard.
I don't know how many users I have of.
Let's see if we have another user somewhere or we have another as where Maria which is a subscriber
as you can see right here.
So Maria's is a subscriber lets local log back out and let's just say Maria one two and three as you
can see Maria I can see this.
We don't want Maria to see that.
So let's use BHB shorthand real quick here to create a conditional statement.
What we say is admin OK when put to calling here we've done this before and the in the web site guys.
And of course so that's when explaining it much Ukraine.
We're going to end it right here.
This is how you do this shorthand if statements.
OK.
So that where you can pool your extra mail in between.
So then we'll only see if they're admin if I refresh the dashboard no longer there.
Pretty cool stuff.
You can use in your other code too.
OK.
So that's going to take the user to dash 4.
And let's go to that dashboard page and let's do something to differentiate.
Walk onto the admin dash or something like that.
Less refresh.
Well that's let's go back now.
Let's go and try this guy out.
You can see the dash was here.
If I click on it says Welcome to the to the admin dashboard.
I want to do something about this real quick.
Well let's go back to functions to tune.
All right.
We can put that somewhere.
No indication in the general function so let's create another space here.
We're going to call this general helper's just like that.
And then I go back to there and it's admin mean it's this is the first one that I want to attack.
I'm going to take this guy out of here.
And I want to create a forum cold maybe get user name get a user name or something like that.
Well let's do this keep the convention right.
All underscored Dasch or underscores or whatever you want to call that.
Let's go back to functions here.
I got this function get a user name that I want to do something with it.
What I do is I'm going to return this
we can keep it short.
Re the matter of fact we can even make this better.
Let's just do the temporary here real quick.
And this just returned that
time make it in one line you know and if it's not sad we just do know.
OK beautiful you got all of this stuff now.
In the end it's all right there.
We shouldn't see any problems.
Matter of fact let's do let's use a function call Esti or upper to make sure to make sure that this
is all Piquet's on it to come back here.
Refresh Hoopes 931 What did I do.
I don't even see what I did I guess
missing that parentheses right here is fresh.
And now you can see that there my data.
OK.
Is lowercase and Ishwar is still lowercase.
That's because a user name would see that
what went to the Dashrath This is where all the information for every user will be.
And this is the my information.
So let's go back there real quick because I think I didn't do anything there.
There we go if the upper gate user name o is so small it is uppercase is just small.
I want to make a big K and you can use this more to like say add something as refresh and you can see
now that is this upper case ashes.
There we go.
Welcome to admin Edwyn.
Perfect.
You can use this more tax for anything else if you want to Prefect's the user ro my ro admin or something.
So that perfect.
All right so I think it's enough for this starting lecture.
Make sure you organize your code better.
We're going to do that.
You're going to see my code more organized.
OK.
Make sure you do the same for yours.
I'll see you in the next lecture guys.